You are the owner of this store
Dude, this kid has a little money.
Can afford a clothing store
Hey, who is this woman Huimin?
How do I feel?
He has a special relationship with this boss.
Officially introduce yourself
I am Xu Lin'an's wife
The lady boss of this store is justifiable
What kind of lady boss are you?
This store was obviously handed over to me by Brother Lin An
You are shameless
So you're pretty good at taking care of it?
I let you close the door.
Is this the transfer?
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
Are you Boss Liu?
I thought it was such a good shop
Doesn't it look good?
Boss Liu, our location is excellent.
If it weren't for the lack of money now
We will definitely not transfer it.
Take a look at this stall, I can take over.
But at this price
Give me at least two more minutes
Excuse me?
We are not transferring this store.
What does that mean?
Miss Tao
I came to take over because of your face
how
Aren't you from the studio of this store?
Don't be angry.
We will definitely transfer it.
I said no.
Zhang Linlin, what do you want to do?
Linlin stall business is not good
It's a loss to keep it in your hands
It's just that Brother Lin and I have already discussed it.
Wait until you sell this stall
We are going to the Electric City to rent a stall and sell BP machines.
That's the most profitable business right now
Do you want to cut off Brother Lin's fortune?